going to feed all the lizards right now
got probably 100 or more probably about
a hundred crickets in here person for
the bearded dragons first
you
they'll just eat all day
there's still plenty in there they're
probably each got like 30 by the time
they're done eating these aren't very
big crickets but they're not they're not
pinheads or anything they're probably
half inch about
we want more
and we'll go sleep with our crested
geckos
hopefully they'll have he'll notice and
come up soon
I was looking up the tree we're home
Ellen hey just jumped up a gallon to
oh that's it
first one for the leopard geckos now I'm
looking up at me like a listen
leopard geckos don't look very hungry
I think I fed them all mouse yesterday
or pinky I mean
let me go